Add Access Control (#10166)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/useCanAccess.md

# `useCanAccess`

> This hook calls the authProvider.canAccess() method using react-query for a provided resource and action (and optionally a record).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hook calls the `authProvider.canAccess()` method on mount for a provided resource and action (and optionally a record). It returns an object containing a `canAccess` boolean set to `true` is the current user can access the resource and action. 
```

The fact that it uses react-query is an implementation detail IMHO

Reviewer 2: That was so users expect react-query properties in the result but ok
